Refactor Fuel Information Related Vehicle Data (#851)
smartdevicelink/sdl_evolution: proposals/NNNN-Refactor-Fuel-Information-Related-Vehicle-Data.md

# Refactor Fuel Information Related Vehicle Data

* Proposal: [SDL-NNNN](NNNN-Refactor-Fuel-Information-Related-Vehicle-Data.md)
* Author: [Ankur Tiwari](https://github.com/atiwari9)

> * Status: **In Review**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Status: **Awaiting Review**
```

Author: Done

* Impacted Platforms: [Core | HMI | iOS | Java Suite | RPC]

## Introduction

> This proposal is to consolidate Fuel Information related vehicle data so that it supports multiple type of propulsion sources used by vehicle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This proposal is to consolidate Fuel Information related vehicle data so that it supports multiple types of propulsion sources used by the vehicle.
```

Author: Done

+    <element name="KILOWATTHOURS" />
+</enum>
```

#### Update Struct `FuelRange`:
```xml
<struct name="FuelRange">
    <param name="type" type="Common.FuelType" mandatory="false"/>
    <param name="range" type="Float" minvalue="0" maxvalue="10000" mandatory="false">
        <description>
            The estimate range in KM the vehicle can travel based on fuel level and consumption.
        </description>
    </param>
+   <param name="level" type="Float" minvalue="-6" maxvalue="170" mandatory="false">
+       <description>The relative remaining capacity of this fuel type (percentage).</description>
+   </param>
+   <param name="levelState" type="Common.ComponentVolumeStatus" mandatory="false">
+        <description>The fuel level state</description>
+    </param>
+   <param name="capacity" minvalue="0" maxvalue="1500" mandatory="false">
+       <description>The absolute capacity of this fuel type.</description>
+   </param>
+   <param name="capacityUnit" type="Common.CapacityUnit" mandatory="false">
+       <description>The unit of the capacity of this fuel type such as liters for gasoline or kWh for batteries.</description>
+   </param>
</struct>
```

## Potential downsides

> This deprecates `FuelLevel` and `FuelLevel_State`, but that is inevitable when we try to consolicate vehicle data items to more meaningful Structs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This deprecates `FuelLevel` and `FuelLevel_State`, but that is inevitable when we try to consolidate vehicle data items into more meaningful Structs.
```

Author: Done

## Impact on existing code

* SDL Core needs to be updated as per new API.

> * iOS/Java Suite needs to be updated to support getters/setters as per new API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* iOS/Java Suite need to be updated to support getters/setters as per new API.
```

Author: Done
